A 45 year old Chinese woman with no family history of colon cancer and otherwise well. There is no previous colonoscopy.
A 45 year old African American man with no family history of colon cancer and otherwise well. There is no previous colonoscopy.
A 51 year old man with no family history and well. There is no previous colonoscopy.
A 86 year old woman with history of hypertension and hyperlipidemia. He is independent and able to take care of himself. There is no previous colonoscopy.
70 year old man with decompensated heart failure and poorly controlled chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. There is no previous colonoscopy.
A 77 year old man who is bedbound with many medical conditions. There is no previous colonoscopy.
A 56 year old man with end stage cancer and a life expectancy of 1 year. There is no previous colonoscopy.
A 40-year-old man whose uncle was diagnosed with rectal cancer at 75 years of age but has no other family members with CRC. He has an older brother who recently underwent a screening colonoscopy that showed 2 small adenomatous polyps.
A 34 year old male with Peutz-Jeghers syndrome but no other symptoms
A 32 year old man with FAP diagnosed by colonoscopy 1 year ago
A 32-year-old woman whose Colonoscopy demonstrates over 200 sessile and pedunculated polyps scattered throughout the colon including a few larger than 10 mm that were biopsied and found to be tubular adenoma
A 25-year-old woman with familial adenomatous polyposis (FAP) presents to your office. She underwent colectomy last year due to the presence of advanced adenomas
A 40 year old man with ulcerative colitis diagnosed 5 years before on colonoscopy
A 40 year old man with ulcerative colitis diagnosed 15 years before on colonoscopy
A 40 year old man with ulcerative colitis diagnosed 1 year ago with newly diagnosed PSC
A 35 year old woman with ulcerative colitis with invisible low grade dysplasia noted on colonoscopy 1 month
A 30 year old male with crohn's disease and normal colonoscopy 2 years ago and whose father has colon cancer when he was 35 years old
A 30 year old woman with crohn's disease and colonoscopy 2 years ago that shows no dysplasia but with pseudopolyps
A 30 year old man with crohn's disease and colonoscopy 2 years ago that shows no dysplasia but with extensive colitis
A 40 year old woman with crohn's disease with a 5mm high grade dysplasia polyp resected noted on colonoscopy 1 month ago
A 40 year old male with crohn's disease with 15mm low grade dysplasia polyp resected noted on colonoscopy 1 month ago
A 40 year old woman with crohn's disease with 5mm low grade dysplasia polyp resected noted on colonoscopy 1 month ago
A 35 year old male with crohn's disease with last colonoscopy that was normal 1 year ago and the previous colonoscopy that was normal 4 years ago
A 20 year old man with PSC and no previous colonoscopy
A 36 year old woman with PSC and a normal colonoscopy 2 years ago
A 36 year old man with PSC and a normal colonoscopy 1 year ago with new symptoms of bloody diarrhea
A 30 year old woman whose father has lynch syndrome but is otherwise healthy
A 40 year old man whose father had colon cancer at 50 years old but is otherwise healthy
A 40 year old man whose grandfather had colon cancer at 50 years old but is otherwise healthy
A 45 year old woman whose father has a history of adenoma with high grade dysplasia at the age of 55 years old
A 37 year old man whose mother has a history of 15mm sessile serrated polyp at the age of 48 years old
A 37 year old man whose mother has endometrial cancer, grandfather had colon cancer, and uncle has ureteric cancer
A 45 year old woman whose father has a history of adenoma with low grade dysplasia at the age of 55 years old
A 36 year old man whose father has a history of stomach cancer
A 40 year old woman whose mother had cervix cancer
55 year old woman with colonoscopy last year which had 2 5mm adenomas with low grade dysplasia that were removed
A 66 year old man with colonoscopy this year. He had five 3-5mm hyperplastic polyps in the sigmoid colon, five 3-5mm hyperplastic polyps in the descending colon, and one 4mm hyperplastic polyp in the transverse colon that were removed
A 65 year old man with colonoscopy this year and 10 3-5mm hyperplastic polyps in the descending colon that were removed
A 67 year old man with colonoscopy 3 years ago with 6 adenomas of low grade dysplasia less than 10mm that were removed
A 83 year old man who has no medical history who has more than 10 adenomas removed on a colonoscopy last year
A 53 year old man with a tubular villous adenoma removed during colonoscopy last year
A 64 year old man with a 15mm hyperplastic polyp that was removed during a colonoscopy last year
A 55 year old man with a 5mm sessile serrated polyp that was removed during colonoscopy 2 years ago
A 67 year old man with a 15mm polyp with high grade dysplasia removed during colonoscopy 1 year ago
A 65-year-old woman undergoes surveillance colonoscopy, which identified a tubular adenoma with low grade dysplasia 3-mm lesion, located in the transverse colon. The lesion was completely removed using a cold snare. Her previous colonoscopy 5 years ago identified 1 to 2 diminutive polyps in the rectosigmoid colon that were read as hyperplastic.
A 55-year-old woman undergoes her colonoscopy. She is asymptomatic, and she has no family history of colorectal cancer. Her colonoscopy reveals 5 large flat polyps throughout her colon including two 30-mm lesions in the ascending and transverse colon and several smaller sessile polyps that were removed
45 year old male with obstructive sigmoid cancer and underwent left hemi-colectomy 2 months ago. Only had incomplete colonoscopy before
50 year old female who had curative right hemi colectomy for ceacal cancer and normal colonoscopy 1 year after surgery
50 year old male who had curative right hemi colectomy for ceacal cancer 2 months ago
60 year old male who had curative abdominal perineal resection for rectosigmoid cancer 2 months ago
70 year old female who had curative anterior resection for rectal cancer 1 year ago
50 year old man who had a total colectomy for colerectal cancer 2 years ago
55 year old woman with colonoscopy this year with 10 5mm hyperplastic polyps with incomplete removal
60 year old man with colonoscopy this year with poor bowel preparation
A 85 year old lady with colonoscopy this year that had 3 adenomas each 6mm with low grade dysplasia, 2 of which was removed
70 year old lady with an incomplete colonoscopy this year due to poor tolerance of bowel insufflation
30 year old female with persistent loss of weight of 20kg over the past 2 years
35 year old male with persistent diarrhoea over 6 months
35 year old female with persistent intermittent abdominal pain over 1 year
25 year old male with persistent per-rectal bleeding
35 year old woman with iron deficiency anemia. There is no previous colonoscopy.
A 40 year old man with iron deficiency anemia. There is no previous colonoscopy.
