40 year old male with newly diagnosed moderate UC and articular extraintestinal manifestations
70 year old female with newly diagnosed severe UC
35 year old male with known moderate UC with prior exposure to infliximab but has worsening colitis on endoscopy despite compliance
60 year old female with newly diagnosed moderate UC with a background of congestive cardiac failure
38 year old female with newly diagnosed moderate UC and psoriasis
25 year old pregnant woman with severe distal ulcerative colitis
56 year old man with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis and ankylosing spondylitis
38 year old man with severe ulcerative colitis and has lost response to vedolizumab
28 year old woman who has severe extensive ulcerative colitis and has a history of lymphoma which was treated 4 years ago
36 year old woman with moderate ulcerative colitis and multiple sclerosis
39 year-old male with moderate to severe extensive ulcerative colitis who had malignant melanoma which was treated 3 years ago
52 year-old woman with moderate to severe distal ulcerative colitis that had a successful induction with vedolizumab. What would be the maintenance therapy?
24 year-old man with moderate to severe extensive ulcerative colitis previously in clinical remission with infliximab develops loss of response due to antibody formation.
44 year-old woman with moderate to severe extensive ulcerative colitis and rheumatoid arthritis.
55 year-old man with moderate to severe extensive ulcerative colitis who avlues convenience and limited time spent in hospital
60 year-old woman with severe ulcerative colitis that has loss response to anti-TNF, vedolizumab and ustekinumab
36 year-old man with moderate to severe extensive ulcerative colitis and spondylarthristis.
42 year-old woman with moderate ulcerative colitis on azathioprine and not responding to therapy
53 year-old man with moderate to severe extensive ulcerative colitis and low albumin levels
42 year-old woman with severe ulcerative colitis and rare fistulating disease
68 year-old man with extensive moderate to severe ulcerative colitis who has prostate cancer which has been treated 5 years ago.
25 year-old man with extensive moderate to severe ulcerative colitis and primary sclerosing cholangitis with decompensated cirrhosis.
48 year-old woman with distal moderate to severe ulcerative colitis who prioritizes a rapid response to treatment.
36 year-old woman with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis who has lost response to tofacitinib.
18 year-old man with moderate to severe extensive ulcerative colitis and pyoderma gangrenosum.
58 year-old woman with moderate to severe distal ulcerative colitis and optic neuritis.
55 year-old man with moderate to severe extensive ulcerative colitis and colonic polyps with high grade dysplasia found 2 years ago.
27 year-old woman with moderate to severe extensive ulcerative colitis who prefers medication with oral formulation.
41 year-old man with moderate to severe distal ulcerative colitis and alocpecia areata.
38 year-old woman with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis and pulmonary tuberculosis which was treated 2 years ago.